fix: fix conflict fields between docs and schema of data source (#977)
FlexibleEngineCloud/terraform-provider-flexibleengine: docs/data-sources/dds_flavor_v3.md

## Argument Reference

> * `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) The region in which to obtain the V3 dds client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region` - (Optional, String) The region in which to obtain the V3 dds client.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.
```
